FLOOT
DIGITAL PLATFORM TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PART 1 – GENERAL USER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to Floot. Before you start enjoying our platform we have to set out the rules which will govern Floot’s relationship with you. We have done our best to make them as easy to understand as possible but if you have any questions at all, feel free to contact us at info@wearefloot.co.uk.    
WHO WE ARE
We are Floot App Ltd, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 12455271. Our registered address is at C/O Keith Willis Associates, Gothic House, Barker Gate, Nottingham, United Kingdom, NG1 1JU (referred to as Floot, we, our and us).
Floot enables its individual users (Customers) to discover and support the best independent bars, restaurants, coffee shops and other hospitality venues in their cities (Venues) for free, and to help them connect and interact with each other. As a Customer on Floot, you can browse participating Venues and find ones which spark your tastes and interests. As a Venue, you can market your business through creating a listing for your Venue on the Platform to market to clients and customers (a Listing), upload menus and share other information. Thank you for using our service.
THESE TERMS 
In these terms and conditions (together with the documents referred to in them) (the Terms), we’ll refer to our Website, which refers to all our sites located at or accessible through www.wearefloot.co.uk, our Mobile Application which is available through selected app stores, and our Venue Web Portal, together as our Platform. References to our Website include our owned sites, but do not include links to third-party sites (such as those of Venues and the sites of our partners).  
These Terms govern your relationship with us when you access our Platform, so please make sure to read them carefully before you start accessing the Platform. Once you start using our Platform you are taken to have understood and accepted these Terms. We don’t expect you to memorise these Terms but they will form a binding agreement between you and us so if you have any questions, please let us know.
In these Terms, we will refer to Customers and Venues together as Users. Part 1 of these Terms apply to all Users, Part 2 apply specifically to Customers, and Part 3 apply specifically to Venues. 
OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS
These Terms also include our Privacy Policy [insert hyperlink to privacy policy] (the Privacy Policy). You should read the Privacy Policy as it sets out the terms on which we process (collect, use, share, etc.) any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us and how we will communicate with you via the Platform. 
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We may from time to time amend these Terms to ensure that we remain compliant with relevant laws and regulations or to keep up to date with improvements or changes we might make to the services and experiences we can offer to you via our Platform. If we make significant changes to these Terms or to the services within the Platform, we will let you know what these significant changes are and you may contact us at info@wearefloot.co.uk if you have queries regarding these significant changes.
We don't expect you to check these Terms every time you use our Platform but we just ask that you check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we have made. This is important because by continuing to use any of the Platform after changes are made, you are accepting those changes and will be bound by them. 
OUR ROLE IN INTERACTIONS BETWEEN CUSTOMERS AND VENUES
Our Platform exists, amongst other things, to allow Venues to connect with new, and re-connect with existing Customers. Once a connection between a Venue and a Customer has been made, for example through a Customer finding a Venue through its Listing on our Platform, our involvement is limited to the operations of our Platform anything beyond that is beyond our reasonable control. All parties understand that Floot has no role in or control over the products or services which a Venue provides to any person or organisation (whether or not a Customer within Floot).
As such we cannot be held responsible for the actions or omissions of Venues, Customers or Users generally outside of the Platform. For example, when a Venue makes a sale, the applicable Venue is entirely responsible for delivery upon that sale and any liabilities of any nature arising under it. When a Customer makes a purchase from a Venue, both parties acknowledge that they form a contract between them which Floot is not a party to. Floot cannot guarantee the performance by either party of their respective obligations under it and will hold no liability for failure to perform or inadequate or negligent performance. 
Please note that all terms of the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 or other applicable legislation in respect of cooling-off periods or similar relating to sales concluded between Venues and Customers apply only between the applicable Venues and Customers. All disputes or disagreements arising between Venues and their Customers must be concluded off the Platform, subject to where Floot’s complaints procedure can operate. 
Customers understand that their purchases from Venues are subject to each Venue’s own terms of business. All Users understand and agree that Floot is not responsible for reviewing or verifying Venue’s terms of business (or equivalent), and each Venue agrees to indemnify Floot in full for all losses, costs and expenses arising out of any claim made against Floot in respect of an actual or potential breach by a Venue of its own terms of business or legal obligations. Procedures for complaints are clearly set out in these Terms or stated clearly on our Website. If Users wish to make claims of any nature or any form of claim beyond the remit of the Floot complaints system, then any such claim must be made off the Platform with the relevant Venue or competent authorities. 
PROMOTIONAL CODES
In the future, we may from time to time provide certain promotional codes to Users, for example as one-off promotions or as part of a loyalty programme. You agree that you will use promotional codes only in accordance with these Terms, or any additional terms we put in place for the relevant promotional codes. 
Floot reserves the right to withhold or deduct promotional rewards or other features or benefits obtained through the use of a promotional code by you or any other User if we believe that the use or redemption of a promotional code was in error, fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the terms of the promotional code or of these Terms.
PLATFORM AND USER CONTENT LICENCE RESTRICTIONS 
This section tells you what you're not allowed to do on the Platform.
Except as expressly allowed in these Terms, you may not:
•	copy the Platform or any Content (which means any audio, video, text, images, trademarks, logos or other content which may be made available to you by us and may sometimes include content which is owned or controlled by third parties (such as Venues or our partners) which we are permitted to make available to you);
•	transfer the Platform or Content to anyone else, except where we make possible and encourage sharing;
•	sub-license or otherwise make the Platform or Content available in whole or in part (and whether in object or source code form) to any person;
•	make any alterations to, or modifications of, the Platform or Content; or
•	disassemble, decompile, reverse-engineer or create derivative works based on the whole or any part of the Platform or Content or attempt to do so,
(together the Platform and Content Licence Restrictions).
ACCEPTABLE USE RESTRICTIONS 
You may use the Platform only for lawful purposes and those outlined in these Terms. In particular, but without limitation, you agree not to: 
•	act or behave in a way or share information (including within a Listing) that is disrespectful or invalidating of other Users or people in general; 
•	discriminate against other Users or any other people in any way, whether directly or indirectly (including within a Listing), based on age, disability, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, religion or belief, race, gender identity and sexual orientation; 
•	use the Platform in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect;
•	use, share, or otherwise exploit the Platform for any commercial, business, or monetised purpose other than those purposes outlined in these Terms;
•	reproduce, duplicate, copy, share, or re-sell any part of the Platform in contravention of these Terms or our copyright; 
•	use the Platform in a way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair or compromise our systems or security or interfere with other Users;
•	use the Platform in a way which we deem to be inappropriate or abusive or which could cause offence or distress in any way to any User, Floot staff-member or other person associated with our service;
•	upload any inappropriate or adult Content or be in any way associated with the adult industry on the Platform, including within any Listing;
•	transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of the Platform; 
•	access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt (a) any part of the Platform; (b) any equipment or network on which any part of the Platform is stored; (c) any software used in the provision of any part of the Platform; or (d) any equipment, network or software owned or used by any third party; 
•	do anything to breach these Terms.
(together the Acceptable Use Restrictions).
TERMINATION OF YOUR RIGHTS
We may end or suspend your rights under these Terms immediately and without notice if: 
•	you have breached any of the Platform and Content Licence Restrictions and/or Acceptable Use Restrictions;
•	we believe that your use of the Platform on an independent occasion or on a continued basis is unsuitable or inappropriate in any way at our sole discretion; or 
•	you are otherwise in breach of these Terms.  
If we end your rights under these Terms:
•	you must immediately stop all activities authorised by these Terms, including your access to and use of any or all of the Platform; 
•	if we ask you to you must immediately delete or remove the Platform from all devices then in your possession, custody or control and, if required, confirm to us that you have done so; 
•	you must immediately settle any debts due to us or any other party in accordance with these Terms; and
•	you will not be entitled to any refund as a result of your breach or unsuitable use.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND USER CONTENT
This section sets out who owns what in terms of the Platform. It also sets out how we will treat any content that any User provides to us (the User Content) and what your obligations are in relation to that User Content. User Content includes but is not limited to all Listings posted by Venues, and all Customer interactions on the Platform, such as reviews and ratings where such features are available (with the exclusion of Customer Personal Data as defined in the Data Protection Legislation):
You agree that: 
•	in respect of the User Content that you create, upload, send or post to us that:
o	you retain the ownership rights in the User Content; 
o	you grant us a perpetual, royalty free, non-exclusive licence (including the right to grant sub-licences) to use, copy, distribute, reproduce and publish any and all User Content (including, without limitation, on our Platform, on other websites, on physical products and in promotional and/or marketing material developed in each case whether developed by us or on our behalf); 
o	we may disclose your identity to any third party who claims that the User Content posted or uploaded by you defames them, constitutes a breach of their intellectual property rights or breaches their right to privacy; and
o	you make your User Content available to us in the manner envisaged by these Terms without payment or other compensation to you, regardless of how we use the User Content.
•	subject to the previous bullet point, the Platform and all material published on, in, or via all aspects of it is owned and controlled by, or licensed to us.
You represent and warrant on an ongoing basis that you:
•	are the owner or authorised licensee of all your User Content; 
•	have all necessary rights (including, but not limited to, all intellectual property rights) and consents required to publish the User Content and to grant us the rights in the User Content as set out in these Terms; 
•	will not post or transmit to us User Content that violates applicable law, regulations, these Terms or any other relevant Floot policy; 
•	have all required permissions and consents from any third party (whether a natural or a legal person) whose personal information is included in any User Content; and
•	have consent in writing of the owner(s) and/or authorised directors and/or authorised signatories of an applicable Venue before creating a Venue page for that Venue on our Platform.
INTERACTION AND REPORTING
All Users acknowledge and agree that they are responsible for all of their own behaviour, actions and interactions on (and off) the Platform, generally and in respect of other Users (whether Customers or Venues). Floot does not directly control or fully moderate User Content in real time at the time of upload, and Users should use the reporting mechanism below to ensure that any harmful User Content is identified and addressed as efficiently as possible. Users acknowledge that Floot is at all times entitled and permitted to monitor and view all Users’ interactions within the Platform generally and between Users.
Reporting mechanism: If you see any User Content which appears on our Platform, such as within a Listing, which you find offensive, abusive or in any way inappropriate then please notify us as soon as possible. You can report any offensive, abusive or inappropriate User Content or communication between Users to us via info@wearefloot.co.uk and request that any such User Content is removed or that the User communication is investigated. One of our team will then review your report and take any action we deem appropriate. 
You agree that where you are either the reporter of a complaint or the subject of it, that Floot will be entitled to take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate, including without limitation to remove or suspend applicable Users, to require certain User Content to be taken down or edited (or to take such action without the User’s prior consent), or to recommend that the dispute is handled externally by third parties. Floot will use its reasonable efforts to respond to and address complaints in respect of User Content. However, Floot will not be entitled or able to resolve commercial disputes in respect of the subject matter of transactions concluded between Venues and Customers, or between Users generally. Floot may be able to provide evidence at any applicable hearing or tribunal provided that it is reimbursed for its time, expenses and administrative costs of doing so.
AVAILABILITY OF THE PLATFORM
The Platform is provided on an "as is" basis. We make no representations, warranties or guarantees of any kind regarding the availability or operation of the Platform, or that they will be secure, uninterrupted or free of defects. 
Your access to any of the Platform may be suspended or restricted occasionally to allow for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or the introduction of new functions or services. Availability of our Platform may also be interrupted in the case of events or occurrences beyond our reasonable control. We will not be liable to you if for any reason the Platform is unavailable at any time or for any period, including where we have informed you that it will be available at a specific time but it is not for any reason.
WEBSITES WE LINK TO
The Platform will link to other third party websites from which third party services can be obtained, including those of Venues. Whilst we reasonably believe that these are reputable sources of such services, you acknowledge that these other websites are independent from us and we make no representations or warranties as to the legitimacy, accuracy or quality of such third party services, and we do not accept any responsibility for their content, safety, practices or privacy policies. You access any third party website or services at your own risk.
COMPUTER VIRUSES
We do everything we can to ensure that no part of the Platform will contain or spread any viruses or other malicious code but this section explains how you can best protect your devices.  
We recommend that you ensure that equipment used to access the Platform run up-to-date anti-virus software as a precaution, and you are advised to virus-check any materials downloaded from the Platform (if applicable) and regularly check for the presence of viruses and other malicious code. 
To the full extent permitted by law we exclude liability for damage or loss of any kind caused by viruses or other harmful components originating or contracted from the Platform.
NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
All information published on or via the Platform is provided in good faith and for general information purposes only. We make no warranties about the completeness, reliability, or accuracy of such information. Any action you take based on such information is taken at your own risk, including in respect of Listings, Venues, Customer reviews or otherwise.
IF THERE IS A PROBLEM WITH THE PLATFORM
If you have any questions or complaints about the Platform or User Content please contact us. You can contact us at info@wearefloot.co.uk.  
OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU
We do not exclude or limit our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. Please note that Venues are not our agents or subcontractors. Actions of Users outside of our reasonable control will not be attributable to our negligence, such as the actions of any Customer whilst in a Venue’s establishment, or the action of any Venue when interacting with a Customer. In all cases where it is legally compliant to do so, we disclaim all implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for purpose, and will only be liable up to a maximum of amounts received by us from the applicable party making the claim in the preceding 12 months.s
We provide the Platform for the purposes outlined in these Terms. You agree not to use any of them for any purpose not expressed or implied by these Terms, and we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity, or any indirect or consequential loss arising out of or in connection with these Terms.
Except as set out in the paragraphs above, you accept and agree we will not be liable for any harmful effect that accessing the Platform may have on you, and you agree that you access the Platform at your own personal and commercial risk. 
COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US 
If you wish to contact us for any reason, you can do so via info@wearefloot.co.uk.  
Other than to provide the services provided within our Platform, we will only contact you if we make any relevant updates or changes to our services, or where you have signed up for marketing communications. You may opt out of marketing communications at any time via emailing us, or where possible in your settings within the Platform.
The Platform may use pop-up notifications, unless you disable them. Please note though that it is not possible to disable service information or error alerts. 
OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL TERMS
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these Terms. You may not assign or transfer any rights you may have under these Terms without our prior written approval, given at our absolute discretion.
None of the rights or obligations under these Terms are enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by a person who is not a party to these Terms.
Under these Terms, you are granted a licence only in respect of our Platform. Any payments made are in consideration for a licence to access our Platform. We retain ownership in the Platform at all times.
If we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that does not mean that we have waived our rights against you, and it does not mean that you are relieved of your obligations under these Terms. If we do waive a breach by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later breach by you.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employer-employee or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms between Floot and any Customer or Venue.
Each of the terms and conditions of these Terms operates separately. If any court or competent authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect. Subject to any applicable law and consumer rights, these Terms are the full agreement between us and our Users. 
These Terms are governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction. 
Floot is a trademark of Floot App Ltd. All Floot trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features of the Floot brand (“Floot Brand Features”) are the sole property of Floot or its licensors. These Terms do not grant you any rights to use any Floot Brand Features whether for commercial or non-commercial use.

 
PART 2 – CUSTOMER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
THE PLATFORM
Our Platform is structured so that as a Customer, you are able to access it via the App on any compatible device. 
When you reach our Platform, as an individual User you can use it to:
•	sign up with us and create a personal Customer Account;
•	browse participating Venues;
•	select ‘favourite’ Venues to more easily access their information and offers on the Platform.
•	receive (and manage) notifications via push notifications. These messages may include information about your Customer Account, our Content, the community, available offers, and general product information. You can control your preferences from your settings or where settings functionality is not available, by communicating with us by email;
•	provide you with a platform to refer us to other people (e.g. by social media sharing); 
•	click on links to our social media channels, such as on Facebook and Instagram;
•	access customer support from our support team; and
•	access our legal and data protection policies.
(the Platform Features)
Please refer to our Privacy Policy [insert hyperlink to privacy policy] for more information on how we process your personal data.
The list above is not necessarily a complete list of the functions of the Platform and we may decide to offer additional functions, or stop providing any Platform functions, at any time. 
REGISTRATION
Customer Account Set Up
To access the full Platform Features, you will have to sign up to create a Customer Account. You may be able to view Listings and details of Venues who have published them without a Customer Account which have been shared outside of the Platform (for example on social media), but you will need to create a Customer Account to enjoy the benefits of the Platform. 
You can create an account by signing in using one of the provided social media log-ins (if available) or by providing your email address, chosen password, along with your name and date of birth. We require your date of birth to confirm you are legally able to use our service – you must be at least 18 years old to register as a Customer. 
After registering, Customers can sign in to our Platform using their email address and password provided. By signing up with us you agree to any applicable terms of the service, including these Terms. Please note that we reserve the right to temporarily or permanently remove your account or profile information from the Platform if we believe it is appropriate or necessary to do so (for example if it discriminates against other Customers).
Account Information
All Customers must provide truthful and accurate information when registering with us – this helps us provide you with the best service. Any incorrect or untruthful information provided by Customers may result in suspension from the Platform.
Customers are responsible for looking after the security of their account information. This means that you are responsible for all activities that happen on your Customer Account and for any access to or use of the Platform by you or any person using your account even if that access or use has not been authorised by you. Please immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security relating to the Platform. We are not responsible for any loss or damage caused by the disclosure of your account details to someone else. 
You are responsible for ensuring that the information we hold about you is up to date. Please amend your details as appropriate from time to time to notify us of any changes.
INTERACTING WITH VENUES
Viewing Venues
Customers will be able to view localised Venues on the Platform based on their current location, or based on a postcode which the Customer provides to view participating Venues, within a stated proximity. Participating Venues may have more than one location or branch (Branch), and applicable Listings shown will apply only to the specific Branch unless stated otherwise. You can save your ‘favourite’ Venues within your Customer Account to access them and their Listings on the Platform more easily in future. Certain Venues may also be featured more prominently within the Platform based on your stated preferences (e.g. based on the Venues you have marked as your favourites), or based on the commercial arrangements we have with Venues. [Neil to confirm this is accurate]
We may list Venues by category type (e.g. restaurants, pubs, coffee shops, etc). However the format in which you view Venues may be adjusted from time to time based on feedback and our independent analysis.
Please note that Floot is only operating in certain locations. If we are not (yet) in your location, we will let you know and please feel free to register your interest with us when prompted so we can stay in touch for if/when we do launch in your location.
Discounts and Offers
Venues may market promotional offers and discounts from time to time, which may be subject to their own terms and conditions, and which may be higher than an offer shown within a Listing on the Platform. In all cases, it is up to the Venue’s discretion how they operate discounts, offers and promotions. Whilst we require Venues to only share valid and current promotions on our Platform within Listings, we cannot control whether they always do this in practice. If you discover that a Listing on our Platform is inaccurate, please inform us so that we can contact the Venue to resolve the inaccuracy.
Your relationship with Venues
As stated in Part 1, all transactions concluded between a Customer and the Venue is private to them. Floot is not a party to such transactions and has no control or input into each party’s performance of their respective obligations (i.e. to pay, and to receive a product or service in accordance with agreed terms).
Please note that this means Floot will not exhaustively list terms of a Venue’s products or service to you on the Platform which are the subject of any information within their Listings. For example, we will not list allergen advice or content on menus which are shared in Listings. It is the Venue’s responsibility to communicate this in accordance with their legal obligations and duties, and for each Customer to make their own suitable enquiries where appropriate.
CUSTOMER ACCOUNT DELETION
If you wish to terminate your Customer Account with us, you can do so at any time by deleting your account, although please remember that you will automatically lose all of your saved interactions up to that point (such as your favourite Venues). Once you have deleted your account, you may create a new Customer Account, but any benefits which existed or had accrued in your previous Customer Account will not be recoverable.
CONTACTING US
You may contact us to info@wearefloot.co.uk or otherwise to any contact details listed on our Platform and we look forward to hearing from you.






 
PART 3 – VENUE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FLOOT VENUE WEB TOOL
Venues can sign up to be a Venue on Floot through our Venue Web Portal which can be viewed and used on any compatible computer or laptop, tablet or mobile device. Through the Venue Web Portal and the Mobile Application, which sync and work together, Venues can use the Platform to: 
•	sign up with us and create a business Venue Account;
•	share their business name, address and any other details sought by Floot to successfully set up the Venue Account in accordance with these Terms. 
•	market their Listings to Customers on the Platform.
•	customise Listings (which may include discounts and loyalty programmes for Customers, along with photos, images and videos) and publish them on the Platform using the Venue Account on the Venue Web Portal, which Floot will display to Customers.
•	share their menus within their Listings.
•	receive and send push notifications to Customers
•	click on links to our social media channels, such as on Facebook and Instagram;
•	access support from our support team; and
•	access our legal and data protection policies.
(the Venue Features)
Please refer to our Privacy Policy [insert hyperlink to privacy policy] for more information on how we process your personal data.
The list above is not necessarily a complete list of the functions of the Platform for Venues and we may decide to offer additional functions, or stop providing any Venue functions, at any time. 
VENUE REGISTRATION
You can set up your Venue Account through the Venue Web Portal, by giving at least your business’ real name, email and address, along with any other information we require during the set up process, such as a brief bio of the business, opening hours, and other marketing information and collateral for your Venue Listing on the Platform. 
We may screen any Venue details you upload and take such action as we deem appropriate in respect of them, including to require you to change them, or to remove them, each at our sole discretion. This may include but is not limited to where we believe a Venue Account may be in beach of another Venue’ intellectual property rights, where we have already reserved a Venue name for another User, or where we deem the content of a Venue Account (including within any Listing) to be harmful, offensive or inappropriate in any way (or feel there is a risk it would be if published on the Platform).
Once you attempt registration as a Venue, you will be sent set up and activation emails to activate the Venue Web Portal.
Whilst Venues are expected to provide their own profile and marketing collateral (e.g. graphics, campaigns, photos, bios, etc), we may agree a separate consulting fee subject to separate terms for providing support in this area.
Additionally, we may periodically share insights and feedback to help Venues grow and improve their services for informational purposes only. All Venues understand and agree that it is at the Venue’s discretion to implement any insights for the benefit of their business. 
Venues must complete all of the above onboarding steps in order to successfully register as a Venue with us. It may take up to 48 hours for a new Venue to be successfully onboarded.
VENUE CHECKS
In order to ensure that Venues are suitable for the Platform, Venues may be subject to a vetting process once they have been registered on the Platform (Checks). We will conduct Checks as we deem appropriate, in accordance with Floot’s Privacy Policy and applicable laws. We retain full and sole discretion as to whether Venues are accepted or retained on to the Platform or not. You agree that you will have no claim or action against us, if we choose not to accept or retain a Venue on to the Platform whether as a result of Checks or otherwise. We cannot always provide reasons for not accepting a Venue, although we will make efforts to do so where we feel it would be fair or appropriate. At our sole discretion, Checks may be conducted in whole or part by third party services, for example to conduct credit checks, company searches, review rights to work, general suitability in respect of our audience, and criminal background and all Venues (including potential Venues) consent to those third party service providers reviewing your information provided about your Venue or any representative of a Venue in their personal capacity.
In particular, we may (but are not obligated to) periodically review applicable licences to run businesses and minimum levels of health and safety compliance as set by local authorities. Equally, we cannot vet all Venues in this way and all Venues warrant and undertake that they have at least minimum required compliance with their applicable health and safety standards and working standards requirements as set by governing bodies.
We reserve the right to delist any Venue at our sole discretion whether based on the above mentioned criteria or otherwise.
PUBLISHING LISTINGS
Venues can publish Listings through the Venue Web Portal and publish them to the Platform for Customers to view. The Listings must be accurate and represent the Venue’s current position and offerings, and must comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
OFFER GUIDELINES 	
As a Venue, you agree to respect the Offer Guidelines within your Listings as follows:
•	According to both the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008 and the UK Code of Non-broadcast Advertising and Direct & Promotional Marketing, you agree not to act in a way that is misleading, harassing or harmful of other Users and potential Customers. In particular:
o	you must not include false or deceptive messages when promoting your business and/or your business offers through the Platform;
o	you must not leave out important information about your business services and/or products that may be relevant for Customers when promoting your business and/or your offers on the Platform;
o	you must not use unduly aggressive sales techniques when marketing or selling on the Platform (and we reserve full discretion to adjudicate on what is deemed ‘unduly aggressive’);
o	if you are promoting a product, your offers must describe the actual cost accurately, including any ongoing or associated costs and taxes, without hidden fees;
o	Your offers must not be directed to children;
o	Your offers must not be such that they could reasonably deemed to be harmful or offensive to other Users (and we reserve full discretion to adjudicate on any uncertainty over what could reasonably be deemed to harmful or offensive);
o	Your offers must not have any political content or be politically motivated;
•	According to the Business Protection from Misleading Marketing Regulations 2008, you agree not to act in a way that is misleading to other registered Venues. In particular:
o	you must not make misleading comparisons with other registered Venues which you may compete with on the Platform;
o	you must not use another Venue’s logo or trademark, or something very similar on the Platform;
o	you must not compare your business service(s) and/or product(s) with another business’ service(s) and/or product(s) that are not the same as yours; and
o	you must not do any of the above in respect of any business, whether registered with Floot or not.
•	You must include all relevant terms of business in your offers, or display where they can be accessed, and ensure that Customers have all legal information necessary to conclude a transaction with you.
(together the Offer Guidelines)
You agree that if the content of your Listing does not respect the Offer Guidelines above, Floot may withdraw it and take further action against you at Floot’s discretion and you may be reported to the relevant authority by Floot at Floot’s discretion.
INSURANCE AND PROFESSIONAL ADVICE
Venues are responsible for obtaining (i) their own appropriate insurance for any products and/or services they provide to Customers, or generally market via the Platform; (ii) legal advice in respect of any terms of business which Customers must enter into before purchasing their products and/or services; and (iii) any tax or financial advice in respect of earnings achieved through marketing to Floot Customers; and (iv) any other professional advice associated with their products and/or services from time to time. Floot does not and will not provide any such forms of advice, which are the sole responsibility of applicable Venues. 
VENUE ACCOUNT DELETION
If you wish to terminate your Venue Account with us, you can do so at any time by deleting your account, although please remember that all accrued amounts up to the point of termination will remain due following termination. Once you have deleted your account, you may create a new Venue Account, but any benefits which existed or had accrued in your previous Venue Account, along with any data associated with it, may or will not be recoverable.
CONTACTING US
You may contact us to info@wearefloot.co.uk or otherwise to any contact details listed on our Platform and we look forward to hearing from you.
